1. What is Git
Ans) Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency. 
Git is easy to learn and has a tiny footprint with lightning fast performance. It outclasses SCM tools like Subversion, CVS, Perforce, and ClearCase with 
features like cheap local branching, convenient staging areas, and multiple workflows.

2. What do you understand by the term 'Version Control System'?
Ans) Version control, also known as source control, is the practice of tracking and managing changes to software code Version control systems are software tools 
that help software teams manage changes to source code over time.  As development environments have accelerated, version control systems help software teams work faster and smarter.

3. What is GitHub?
Ans) GitHub is a Git repository hosting service. GitHub also facilitates with many of its features, such as access control and collaboration. It provides a Web-based graphical interface.
GitHub is an American company.It hosts source code of your project in the form of different programming languages and keeps track of the various changes made by programmers.

4. Mention some popular Git hosting services.
Ans) 1.Bitbucket.
     2.GitLab.
     3.Perforce.
     4.Beanstalk.
     5.Amazon AWS CodeCommit.
     6.Codebase.
     7.Microsoft Azure DevOps.
     8.SourceForge.

5. Different types of version control systems
Ans) 1.Local Version Control Systems: Think of this as a VCS but without a remote repo. You manage and version all the files only within your local system.
       There is no remote server in this scenario. All the changes are recorded in a local database.
 2.Centralized Version Control Systems: Here, there is a central repo shared with all the developers, and everyone gets their own working copy. Whenever you commit, 
   the changes get reflected directly in the repo.
 3.Distributed Version Control Systems: In distributed systems, there is a local copy of the repo for every developer on their computers. They can make whatever changes 
   they want and commit without affecting the remote repo.

6. What benefits come with using GIT?
Ans) One of the biggest advantages of Git is its branching capabilities. Unlike centralized version control systems, Git branches are cheap and easy to merge. 
This facilitates the feature branch workflow popular with many Git users. Feature branches provide an isolated environment for every change to your codebase.

7. What is a Git repository?
Ans) Repositories in GIT contain a collection of files of various different versions of a Project. These files are imported from the repository into 
the local server of the user for further updations and modifications in the content of the file.

8. How can you initialize a repository in Git?
Ans) To create a new repo, you'll use the git init command. git init is a one-time command you use during the initial setup of a new repo.
Executing this command will create a new .git subdirectory in your current working directory. This will also create a new main branch.